hi i'm here with donít a Pelini one of
our senior electronics experts to talk
about the surface which is the brand new
tablet from Microsoft Donna because it
is a microsoft tablet does that mean
that I can do everything on it that I
can do on my computer actually not not
with this version this is the surface
with Windows RT that means you can use
all of the apps that are available in
the microsoft store and there are also
special versions available of Microsoft
Word Excel and other office apps gotcha
what about these tiles that I'm seeing
on the screen so these are the live
tiles this is the new interface that
Microsoft is using in windows 8 and what
they do is there's there's a title for
your mail there's a title for your
social networking things there are photo
tiles and there live because they change
as things in each of those apps changes
you can swipe around and just by tapping
on them you can launch a program and can
you customize it yeah you can customize
them you can make some of the tiles
larger or smaller you can move them
around and put them in whatever order
you'd like and what about the display
what do we think of that it's a very
bright so you can read in sunlight it's
got as good a viewing angle as the iPad
and the colors are pretty good as well
the touch response is also great
Microsoft has made a big deal about
these ClearType technology how is that
working out for the tablet photos on
here are not quite as detailed as those
that you'll see on the iPad the text is
pretty good but even the text is not as
good as on the nook HD and there's only
ipad what about the physical tablet it
looks pretty cool here with a stand and
everything yeah well it weighs a pound
and a half so that's on the heavy side
for tablet so it's actually among the
heaviest tablets but it does have this
great stand in the back and it's and you
can get couple of different types of
keyboards for it and they just snap in
with magnets they're really easy to pull
in and out it's easy to use it's got a
trackpad it's got little places to click
and it's basically got all the keys that
you'll find on a keyboard tell me Donna
is there anything else we like about the
surface it got more than 10 hours of
battery life so that's quite good not as
long as the iPad but it's still a
respectable amount of battery life all
in all would you say that this
surface is a possible contender to the
ipad and the galaxy tab I think it isn't
because it's Microsoft's operating
system and you probably be able to sync
across a variety of devices I think it's
right up there great thank you so much
thank you I'm amber tenth off with
consumer reports